One day Abdallah and Tasnim — the friendly dragons — were in the marketplace.

The prices of all of the goods had gone up!

As if by magic the book suddenly opened.

The most beloved Compendium opened up and another friendly dragon – Sakura – had appeared.

Abdallah, Tasnim and Sakura performed the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

This greeting is a dance with lots of giggling and laughter.

Abdallah and Tasnim fell down laughing from all of the silly whirling.

Sakura said: “I am running a workshop on Blockchain – and – how to attach gold and silver coins to a blockchain.”

Abdallah said: “What is a blockchain?”

Tasnim said: “I know!!”

Abdallah looked surprised. Tasnim had a habit of building a portfolio of blockchain assets.

Tasnim explained: “When a central bank prints money it devalues the currency and therefore reduces our purchasing power. This means we can buy less goods with the same amount of money.”

“However – Blockchain is based on a rigorous cryptographic algorithm based on sound mathematics.”

“Blockchain is an alternative monetary system, where you cannot simply print endless units of currency.”

Sakura nodded and Abdallah looked confused!

Tasnim said: “Do not worry Abdallah. With the right intention we can both learn about Blockchain. It will be fun!”

Abdallah smiled!

Sakura smiled blissfully: “Blockchain is a mathematically rigorous and beautiful way to represent money, which has other important uses too!”

Abdallah said: “I want to learn about Blockchain!”

“Me too” said Tasnim.

Sakura said: “We will begin by learning how Blockchain works.”

And this is how Abdallah and Tasnim started their learning journey with Blockchain.
