One day Abdallah and Tasnim — the friendly dragons — were in the forest — looking up at the night sky.

They were watching a meteor shower.

Suddenly there was a booming, thunderous, roaring sound.

The ground shook.

Abdallah and Tasnim fell to the ground and Abdallah dropped the old book.

As if by magic the book suddenly opened.

The most beloved Compendium opened up and another friendly dragon — Zhao — had appeared.

Abdallah, Tasnim and Zhao performed the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

This greeting is a dance with lots of giggling and laughter.

Abdallah and Tasnim fell down laughing from all of the silly dancing.

Zhao pointed at the crater in the forest: “This meteorite is very old. It was created at the beginning of the solar system.”

Abdallah said: “What is the solar system?”

Tasnim said: “I know!!”

Abdallah looked surprised.

Tasnim had beautiful dreams carved into her mind — inspired by the authors of brilliant books she had read at the most beloved library.

Tasnim explained: “The solar system contains the Sun and the Earth — where we live.”

“Also other planets, moons, meteoroids, comets and asteroids.”

Zhao nodded in agreement: “I am writing a book about Quantum Mechanics.”

Abdallah looked confused.

Tasnim told Abdallah: “Do not worry Abdallah. With the right intention we can both learn about Quantum Mechanics. It will be fun!”

Zhao beamed and said: “From the large scale — the stars in space — which emit light through nuclear fusion — down to the small scale — the molecules within our own bodies…”

“Quantum Mechanics plays a role in everything around us.”

Abdallah smiled: “I want to learn about Quantum Mechanics!”

“Me too!” said Tasnim.

Zhao said: “We will begin by learning about waves and wave functions”.

And this is how Abdallah and Tasnim started their learning journey with Quantum Mechanics.
