One day Abdallah and Safiyyah — the friendly dragons — were at the gym. They were doing an intense abs workout.

After the workout Abdallah and Safiyyah both picked up their games consoles.

They started playing a game.

A message appeared on Abdallah’s game.

The message stated: “You have been hacked! You must download an app. Otherwise you will lose your saved games!”

Abdallah said: “Oh no!”

As if by magic the old book opened along with the delightful Compendium — and — another friendly dragon — Ai — had appeared.

Safiyyah, Abdallah and Ai then performed the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

This greeting is a dance with lots of giggling and laughter.

Abdallah and Safiyyah fell down laughing from the dreamy shimmying.

Ai said: “I am starting an annual Cybersecurity conference.”

Abdallah said: “What is Cybersecurity?”

Safiyyah said: “I know.”

Abdallah looked surprised. Safiyyah had attended many Cybersecurity conferences and delivered talks on defending against cyber attacks.

Safiyyah explained: “Cybersecurity is protecting devices from damage, disruption or theft of data.”

Abdallah looked confused!

Safiyyah explained: “The message on your game is a scam! A bad dragon is trying to hack your console.”

“What should I do?!” said Abdallah.

Ai said: “Do not worry Abdallah — I will teach you both about Cybersecurity — and — how to defend yourselves from cyber attacks.”

Abdallah and Safiyyah shouted: “Wow! Cybersecurity is awesome! Please teach us!”

Ai said: “We will begin by learning about packets of data.”

And this is how Abdallah and Safiyyah started their learning journey with Cybersecurity.
