One day Abdallah and Tasnim – the friendly dragons – were visiting the most beloved library.

They found a sad and lonely dragon lying on the floor outside.

“Look” said Tasnim, “this poor dragon is homeless.”

Abdallah gave his beaker of the finest fruit drink to the poor homeless dragon.

Tasnim handed over her lunch to this sad dragon.

The poor homeless dragon smiled and said: “Thank you both.”

As if by magic the old book suddenly opened along with the Compendium and another friendly dragon – Sakura – had appeared.

Abdallah, Tasnim, Sakura and the homeless dragon performed the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

This greeting is a dance with lots of giggling and laughter.

Abdallah and Tasnim fell down laughing from all of the silly waltzing.

Sakura said: “I am running a workshop on Coding!”

Abdallah said: “What is Coding?!”

Tasnim said: “I know!!”

Abdallah looked surprised. Tasnim had a habit of learning about the latest Coding languages.

Tasnim explained: “Coding allows us to instruct a computer to perform a specific task.”

“We can compose music, make and play games or even search through libraries of information.”

Sakura nodded in agreement.

“In my workshop we will build a geospatial app to help feed the homeless dragons – using a few Coding languages – such as: Elixir, JavaScript and Python.”

“We will compose some music – using a language called Ruby.”

Abdallah looked confused: “Using a gemstone we can make music?!”

Sakura explained: “Actually Ruby is also a Coding language from Japan!”

Abdallah smiled!

“And – we will make a fun game – using a language called Rust.”

Abdallah looked baffled: “Using rust on my bike to make games?!”

Sakura explained: “Actually Rust is also a Coding language from San Francisco!”

Abdallah and Tasnim both said: “Woow! Coding is amazing!”

Sakura smiled: “Would you like to take my workshop?”

Tasnim and Abdallah grinned: “We would love to!!”

Sakura said: “We will begin by learning about a language called Python.”

And this is how Abdallah and Tasnim started their learning journey with Coding.
