One day Abdallah and Safiyyah — the friendly dragons — were in the mountains.

They had noticed that the signal for the internet was not working!

As if by magic the old book opened along with the wonderful Compendium — and — another friendly dragon — Zhao — had appeared.

Safiyyah, Abdallah and Zhao then performed the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

This greeting is a dance with lots of giggling and laughter.

Abdallah and Safiyyah fell down laughing from the delightful jiving.

Zhao said: “I am designing a clustered computer — which keeps working in the mountains — by using a special technology called IPFS — and — using my own custom semiconductor chips.”

Abdallah said: “What is a clustered computer? And what is IPFS? And what exactly is a semiconductor chip?”

Safiyyah said: “I know.”

Abdallah looked surprised. Safiyyah was an expert on computer technology.

Safiyyah explained: “A computer cluster is a group of many computers which work together to perform tasks as one computer.”

“IPFS is the InterPlanetary File System — a distributed file system — which even works in the mountains or remote areas — even without a good internet connection!”

“And semiconductor chips are like the brains of electronic devices, such as: games consoles, televisions and phones.”

Abdallah smiled and Zhao nodded in agreement.

Zhao explained: “The design of my computer is eco-friendly and modular so that it is easy to repair!”

“I am building this computer so that all dragons around the world can access learning resources regardless of whether they have a good internet connection or not! Semiconductors are vital to achieve this goal!”

Abdallah and Safiyyah said: “Wow! Semiconductors are fabulous!”

Zhao grinned: “Would you like to learn about semiconductors?”

Abdallah and Safiyyah screamed: “We would love to!”

Zhao explained: “We will begin by learning how semiconductors work.”

And this is how Abdallah and Safiyyah started their learning journey with Semiconductors.
