One day Abdallah and Safiyyah — the friendly dragons — were by the lake.

Safiyyah was holding the old book, which she then opened to reveal the most beloved Compendium.

Abdallah closed his eyes and randomly chose a book from the wonderful Compendium.

As if by magic — another friendly dragon — Ai — had appeared.

Safiyyah, Abdallah and Ai then performed the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

This greeting is a dance with lots of giggling and laughter.

Abdallah and Safiyyah fell down laughing from all of the silly tomfoolery.

Ai stood there, holding a notepad.

Ai told Safiyyah and Abdallah: “I am writing a paper about Artificial Intelligence!”

Abdallah said: “What is Artificial Intelligence?”

Safiyyah shouted: “I know!!”

Abdallah looked surprised. Safiyyah had a habit of visiting the library in secret and gathering useful knowledge from wonderful books.

Safiyyah explained: “Inside our brains, where we think, there are special structures called neurons”.

“We can model these structures inside a computer! So a computer can think almost like we can!”

Ai smiled blissfully and nodded in agreement.

Ai also explained: “The paper I am writing is about a cute robot dog I have built!”

Safiyyah looked surprised: “Robot dog?”

Abdallah and Safiyyah looked in the lake to see the cute robot dog joyfully swimming around in the water.

Ai explained: “My robot dog is designed to help rescue people in an emergency!”

Abdallah and Safiyyah said: “Wow! Artificial Intelligence is amazing!”

Ai said: “Would you both like to learn about Artificial Intelligence?”

Abdallah and Safiyyah both nodded: “Yes please!”

Ai smiled delightfully and said: “We will begin by learning about the structures inside the brain — called neurons.”

And this is how Abdallah and Safiyyah started their learning journey with Artificial Intelligence.
