Ai again opened up her satchel. This time she revealed a magical picnic hamper.

As if by magic the picnic hamper opened up — with a beautiful assortment of immaculate cupcakes and lollipops.

These cupcakes and lollipops were floating in some sort of structure.

Abdallah and Safiyyah both grinned.

Ai continued: “We have layers of neurons — each represented by delicious cupcakes.”

Abdallah and Safiyyah both said: “How does it work?”

Ai explained: “Each cupcake receives input values — these lollipops represent the synapse — or gap — between neurons — over which an input is received.”

“Together these form a neural network.”

Safiyyah and Abdallah both said: “Wow!”

Ai explained further: “The first step is the following…”

“For each input — or lollipop — we multiply the input value by a weight.”

“Then we add all of the total values for each input — or lollipop — together — to obtain a weighted sum.”

Abdallah looked confused!

Safiyyah explained: “A sum is when we add values together.”

“And a weighted sum means that we multiply each input value by something called a weight.”

Ai interrupted: “Exactly — this is how we represent the synapse between the neurons.”

Abdallah still looked confused!!

Safiyyah said: “Do not worry Abdallah — we can learn how weighted sums work — together! It will be fun!!”

Abdallah smiled: “Please may I eat a cupcake?”

Ai said: “Yes of course!”

Abdallah and Safiyyah each took a delightful cupcake.

Ai smiled: “Next, we shall learn about the input values — in preparation for calculating the weighted sum of inputs.”
