### Inside the neuron — The Activation Function — Threshold function

Ai said: “Previously, we learnt about the input values — the weights — and — how a weighted sum must be calculated.”

“The next step which occurs inside our model of the neuron is known as the Activation Function.”

“Let me show you!”

Ai’s magical projector started to make a whizzing — popping sound.

As if by magic a swarm of fireflies appeared.

Safiyyah and Abdallah both said: “Wow!”

Ai explained: “Here we have some fireflies — which use bioluminescence to glow!”

At that moment the fireflies moved into the shape of a graph.

Ai pointed towards the fireflies: “Here we have a graph represented by fireflies! Here we have the x-axis and here we have the y-axis.”

All of a sudden there was another whizzing — popping sound.

As if by magic a line appeared on the graph.

Ai explained: “This graph shows the Activation Function known as the Threshold function.”

Abdallah said: “How does it work?”

Safiyyah said: “I know!”

Abdallah smiled!

Safiyyah explained: “When we calculate the weighted sum of input values — we take that total value — and we plug it into the Activation Function.”

Ai nodded in agreement: “Exactly! In the case of this function — the Threshold function…”

“If the total value of the weighted sum is higher or equal to the threshold of zero — then the Threshold function will output a value of one.”

“However, if the value is less than the threshold of zero — the function will output a value of zero.”

Abdallah said: “This is easy!! And the output value is transmitted to the next neuron?”

Ai beamed: “Yes! Exactly!!”

Safiyyah and Abdallah both smiled.

Ai said: “Next we will look at the Sigmoid function.”
