One day Abdallah and Safiyyah — the friendly dragons — were out flying in their plane — over some remote islands in the middle of the ocean.

Safiyyah was flying the plane — she had lots of experience with flying planes.

Abdallah was afraid of flying — but Safiyyah had managed to convince him to fly.

Safiyyah landed on the beach of a most beloved island.

“Let’s explore the island”, said Safiyyah.

As if by magic the old book suddenly opened and the most wondrous Compendium appeared — alongside another friendly dragon Akio.

Abdallah, Safiyyah and Akio performed the traditional cute friendly dragon greeting.

This greeting is a dance with lots of giggling and laughter.

Abdallah and Safiyyah fell down laughing from the silly samba.

Akio told Abdallah and Safiyyah: “I am writing a Mathematics crib sheet.”

Abdallah said: “What is Mathematics and what exactly is a crib sheet?”

Safiyyah said: “I know!!”

Abdallah looked surprised. Safiyyah had developed a love and appreciation for the beauty contained within mathematical ideas and concepts.

Safiyyah explained: “Mathematics is a game. It allows us to solve many problems we find in our everyday lives. We can use Mathematics to navigate, to design, to trade with and collaborate with other dragons.”

“And a crib sheet is a set of notes to help remind us of ideas and concepts.”

Akio nodded.

“On my crib sheet, we will learn about the Mathematics which you will need for the QALB Story courses covering Artificial Intelligence, Quantum Mechanics, Coding and Blockchain.”

“Also on this remote island, we will apply Mathematics to navigate, to find food, using only this radio and Mathematics.”

Abdallah and Safiyyah said: “Wow. Mathematics is amazing!”

Abdallah said: “What is this radio?”

Safiyyah explained: “This is a software-defined radio. It is a special radio which can be controlled using mathematical ideas and some Coding to behave in many different ways.”

Akio smiled in agreement: “Do you want to learn my Mathematics crib sheet?”

Abdallah and Safiyyah both nodded: “Yes please!!”

And this is how Abdallah and Safiyyah started their learning journey with Mathematics.
